Class: HistoryManager {#HistoryManager}
==========================================
<big>This class is meant to function as a domain observer. It uses the browser-hash (via HashListener) to monitor and save the domain-state (enabling bookmarks and back/forward button functionality). 
The class acts as a parameter stack, to monitor and modify the state of an application. Whenever a parameter withing the stack changes state, the class notifies its followers of the change.</big>

HistoryManager Method: constructor {#HistoryManager:constructor}
----------------------------------
### Example:

	var HM = new HistoryManager(options);

### Arguments:

1. options - (`object`: optional) See below:

### Options:

* blank_page - (`string`: defaults to `blank.html`) an alternative path to the blank.html file. 
* start - (`bool`: defaults to `false`) whether to start the listener on construction
* delimiter - (`string`: defaults no '') a beginning delimiter to add to the hash, to support the new Google AJAX syntax (#!)
* serializeHash - `string function (aHash)` (_Optional_, use with `deserializeHash`) A callback function which serializes a Hash
* deserializeHash - `Hash function (aString)` (_Optional_, use with `serializeHash`) A callback function which deserializes a String to a Hash

### Delimiter Usage:
	var HM = new HistoryManager({delimiter:'!'}); //will add support for the google syntax

### Custom (de)serializer Usage:
	// using URI query syntax for data instead of JSON
	var HM = new HistoryManager({
		serializeHash: function (h) {
			return h.toQueryString();
		},
		deserializeHash: function (s) {
			return new Hash(s.parseQueryString());
		}
	});

HistoryManager Method: Set {#HistoryManager:set}
---------------------------
<big>Used to set a state for the domain. Will set a key's value in the state.</big>

### Example:

	HM.set(key,value);

### Arguments:

1. key - (`string`) A key identifier
2. elements - (`mixed`) whatever value you want to set to that key (must be JSON encodable)

A note about set. Because of the way the hash is analyzed, changing the order of the inner members of a value will cuase a state-change event. 
This is because i'm convering the objects to JSON instead of parsing them to save speed.
If you do not controll the order of the values in your objects, make sure you check this manuly.
An Example for this:

	HM.set('someValue',{a:'a',b:'b'});
	HM.set('someValue',{b:'b',a:'a'}); //will fire someValue-changed although values aren't actualy modified. 

HistoryManager Method: Remove {#HistoryManager:remove}
-----------------------------
<big>Used to remove a state from the domain. Will remove `key` and its value from the state.</big>

### Example:

	HM.remove('my-key');

### Arguments:

1. key - (`string`) A key identifier

HistoryManager Method: Start {#HistoryManager:start}
----------------------------
<big>Will start the listener. This will enable the various events attached to the class.</big>

### Example:

	HM.start();

HistoryManager Method: Stop {#HistoryManager:stop}
---------------------------
<big>Will stop the event listener. When down, no events will be fired</big>

### JavaScript:

	HM.stop();
	
HistoryManaget: Events {#HistoryManager:Events}
-------
<big>The class is event-based, but doesn't have prefixed events. The events change according to the key being observed. 
The names point to one of 3 states a value might be in: Added, Changed and Removed.</big>
<small>'#' is the name of the key beeing observed</small>

  * '#-added' : will be fired when an unset key is given a value. will pass the new value as parameter.
  * '#-updated' : will be fired when a current key's value was changed. will pass the new value as parameter.
  * '#-removed' : will be fired when a key has been removed from the state. will pas the key's last value as parameter.
  * '#-changed' : will fire when any a key is added/updated. will pass the new value as parameter. *NOTE: this will fire alongside the add/updated events*
  
HistoryManager: Example {#HistoryManager:Example}
--------

	var HM = new HistoryManager();
	
	HM.addEvent( 'MyVar-added'   , function(myvar){console.log('added '+myvar)} );
	HM.addEvent( 'MyVar-updated' , function(myvar){console.log('changed '+myvar)} );
	HM.addEvent( 'MyVar-removed' , function(myvar){console.log('removed '+myvar)} );
	
	/*
	 * it is strongly recommended to set the events before starting the object.
	 * this is because we want the hash to be analyzed when we enter the site through a bookmark/history.
	 */
	HM.start();
	
	HM.set('MyVar',1); //will log 'added 1'
	HM.set('MyVar',2); //will log 'changed 2'
	HM.set('MyVar',3); //will log 'changed 3'
	HM.remove('MyVar');//will log 'removed 3'
	
	/* 
	 * pressing back button will log the following:
	 * 1. added 3
	 * 2. changed 2
	 * 3. changed 1
	 * 4. removed 1
	 */
